Add documentation for private data source connect using kubernetes (#63863)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-security/configure-private-datasource-connect/index.md

1. Connect to Grafana Cloud using the ssh or the pdc agent in the same directory as your private key, and the certificate and known_hosts file Grafana Labs provided to you.

>    There are three options for connecting: using Kubernetes, SSH, or the PDC Agent Docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   There are three connecting options: Kubernetes, SSH, or the PDC Agent Docker image.
```

   
   - **Option 1:** Using Kubernetes

>      Create a kubernetes secret with the private key, and the certificate and known_hosts file Grafana Labs provided to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Create a Kubernetes secret with the private key and the certificate and known_hosts file Grafana Labs provided.
```

     ```
     $ kubectl create secret generic -n ${NAMESPACE} grafana-pdc-agent \
     --from-file=key=./${SLUG} \
     --from-file=known_hosts=./known_hosts \
     --from-file=cert.pub=./${SLUG}-cert.pub
     ```

>      Generate a kubernetes deployment to deploy the agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Generate a Kubernetes deployment to deploy the agent.
```

     ```
     SLUG=${SLUG} PDC_GATEWAY=${PDC_GATEWAY}  NAMESPACE=${NAMESPACE} /bin/sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grafana/pdc-agent/main/production/kubernetes/install-agent.sh)"
     kubectl apply -f deployment.yaml
     ```

>      The environment variables used in the previous commands are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     The following list contains the environment variables used in the previous commands:
```

     - ${PDC_GATEWAY}: The URL of the private data source connect in Grafana Cloud. The Grafana team will give you this URL. The URL follows the format `grafana-private-datasource-connect-<cluster>.grafana.net`
     - ${SLUG}: The name of the stack you want to connect to your data source. For example, the stack `test.grafana.net` has the slug `test.`

>      - ${NAMESPACE}: The kubernetes namespace for the pdc-agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - ${NAMESPACE}: The Kubernetes namespace for the pdc-agent.
```
